fattoush salad is a Levantine salad made
from toasted or fried pieces of pita
bread and a variety of ingredients by
Levantine that usually consists of Egypt
Jordan Lebanon Palestine Israel Syria
and parts of southern Turkey now I want
to cut the heart of a rota romaine
lettuce into fairly small pieces I
throughout the park it usually goes on a
ham stop our ham sandwich and I'm
shutting this into fairly small pieces
not cutting it as small as you would
with you making boom and I'm sure you
pick up this a bully so the desmics like
the limit of what I'm going to get out
of this heart of Romania in addition for
the romaine lettuce cucumber
green pepper so the suggestion for the
recipe was green pepper and red pepper
but red peppers so incredibly expensive
than I refuse to use it chopped parsley
chopped fairly fine small chopped onion
chopped green onion and finely chopped
myth about two tablespoons I'm also
using tomato and since I live in America
and it's impossible to get fresh tasty
tomatoes i'm using i'm using canned
tomato which has been through throughout
the tomato juice and actually rinsed the
pieces of tomatoes so that the tomato
juice wouldn't interfere with the
dressing that i'm going to make so i had
two tomatoes
and because somebody was kind enough to
leave a little bit of a cheese i'm going
to add that to this is the part that
really looking forward to I'm gonna mix
it up
there it is looks pretty good to me
now for the dressing I'm going to be a
little bit daring because let's face it
i don't know much about making dressing
and I want to have enough so that I
don't have to make make any more before
the salad is going so I'm going to put
in what I think is about the juice of
three lemons
maybe four
maybe four then let's see what next I
think I probably within a teaspoon or
two of garlic then I'm going to add some
regular mustard
perhaps teaspoon of black pepper a
little bit of white pepper too I get in
between the black pepper
and I have a sense from reading several
recipes there should be some sweetness
i'm going to try a little bit maple
syrup but not very much because there's
no disguising maple syrup if you get too
much in
much there but if it is I'll probably
add and the rest would probably be extra
virgin olive oil
put it into this clean jars
that looks pretty good one of the best
things about this salad aside from the
obvious health benefits is that sir pita
chips which could be homemade but I'm
way to do that I need to shake this
dressing up a little bit so here it is
that touché salad with mustard and maple
syrup dressing
which is my favorite part not homemade
but extremely interesting